a habit that for him has 98 but
delivered a tutorial to make a
duplicate of piteros well this one does not
I think it works completely this
2014 not
and first tps that lives it this one
Portuguese and
since I leave the original video in the
description of your channel so you can see it
good let's start I'm tried with
several items like the like the diamond the
gold
and the metal and the trains worked and
another block I tried with the lover block
but well this is you have to do it
many times because sometimes the result
but it's worth it
good for some things to store things
or holes
the first thing we need is toledo
2000 sure that nothing happens
now we are going to help everything
we need and left it in the description
so we save but like that and
we make a block three by three and we
we put in like this like this like that
now we put around like that like that like that
A) Yes
well and now we put confusion
we could like that so like that so like this so in
plan that like a year a day or not
now we grab dry wood wood
we put where height
after abstinence need
we give a shower of remains
and now we will make a button that we see here
now we put a wood here
and here we put everything repeated to Spain if
well like this and now in networks to be
so so so itself and we will put
of four tics like that so like that so like that
so so
now let's put two of wood here
although it has to be for morrison
we put one here
although we put a rest torch
as embarking like this
It's very funny but do not take me into account
important and we can a repeater
looking over there and we put it to 3
sticks so be textile 2 in 2 click
right and moves up here that would be
one two three four and up to the third
no and now what is missing is this
we threw ourselves and we grabbed tnt and
jumpers there are no thinkers artists
that have happy faces if we put 30
and also a welder is here and
we save what we want to double by
example diamond we did not stop and we
we put in survival
well here they have to wait more or less
or is he explained that he already put
keep the button and this expert to the
thing the retreat do not be afraid because
you do not lose diamonds and you lose the
times the result in this period already
keep so do not worry about
about 5 seconds 50 types one two
three
45 pink the other is more or less this
silence does not work you have to
do it several times because to me too
the jump and as to the third or fourth
once it worked out well and it worked well
to do so we will grab you already own
the registration
we see the button
1 2 3 4 5 and it works now again a
month in the whole result sometimes
the diamond works 1 2
for what
the time it will be like that until
works
ah
two
Pride worked after 5500
attempts worked
mean of this one that has got you from
jumpers to the fast as you can see we have the
diamond k now we had and everything to the
shit we'll see this diamond and give it to
your body joy macarena more chain at
your body should mcallen to the
crypton data you would say good things
Give your body Macarena joy more
that infinite diamonds for all
world
now we can create it so that they can see
let's aim all the diamonds 62
here and there over here
totally kraft and totally ballet
I'll make it my server because
is supported with onion
darling
infinite diamonds
I missed it
look
it was this
to this package
I do not think you liked this book of
the version of minecraft 1.52 and I think that
also 1.51 also works
the 1.5 point 2
and I hope it is liked to vote
They do not like this one because
tripled is because there's a lot
this is
hi color
bye